We do a dangerous job.
We all knew that
when we signed up.
I'm sorry.
I love you, you know?
You reach out
to each other.
Gabriela Dawson,
will you marry me?
You be there
for each other.
Truck 81.
Squad Three. Ambulance 61.
Always.
House 51. Anyone. Report.
Truck 81,
Squad Three, report!
Anyone from House 51, report!
Report!
Severide, report!
Casey, report!
Ambo 61, come in!
Truck 81, Squad Three, report!
Mayday! Mayday emergency!
Mayday emergency!
Anyone from House 51,
report! Report!
Chief! Severide here.
Roof collapsed.
We'll need assistance.
What the hell happened?
Propane tanks
on the top floor.
Squatters cooking on
an open flame.
I jumped for the stairwell.
Yeah, me, too.
All right, spread out,
get eyes on everyone.
Hey, Casey, you copy?
Yeah. Down here.
You okay?
I think so.
All right, we're coming down.
All right.
Take it down slow.
You okay?
Yeah.
Over here!
Man down!
God! Mills!
Easy, easy.
Come on.
Easy, Mills. Easy.
Got it?
Yeah.
My leg!
- Calm down, Mills.
- Just breathe.
Let's make him a splint.
Dawson, Shay, come in.
Hey, Chief, Mills might have
a fractured leg.
We got more of
everything coming.
Can you get him out of there?
I think so.
Just breathe.
Any eyes on Dawson
or Shay?
I can't reach them.
Shay! Call out!
Dawson! Shay!
Let's get you outta here.
All right? You ready?
Yeah.
On three.
One. Two. Three, go!
Dawson! Shay!
Come on, Shay.
Come on.
One, two, three, four,
five six, seven...
Shay! Shay! Shay!
Blow to the head.
Compressions.
Switch on three with me.
Ready? One, two, three.
Come on, Shay.
Come on, Shay!
No, no, no, no, no.
No. No. Come on.
Let's get her
to the ambulance.
Gab, Gabby!
Let go of me!
Hang on! Hold on! Shay.
Gabby!
No! Shay!
Shay!
I am telling you that
you are wasting your money.
Nah.
Nobody, and by nobody I
specifically mean women,
care about dumb
outer space props.
But this is an original
Viper worn by Dirk Benedict.
At 300 bucks,
trust me, it's a steal.
Listen to yourself.
Hey.
Hello.
Hi. I'm looking
for Dawson?
Ow. Oh, right.
Hey, hey, Darden,
you seen Dawson yet?
Yeah, let me grab her.
So, where'd
you come from?
Oh, originally,
Saint Louis.
Ah. I meant what firehouse.
Oh, right.
Logan Square. 87.
Yeah, I was there a
couple of years.
- Cool.
- Hey.
Leslie Shay.
Yeah.
Dawson, Gabriela.
Hey.
Hi. I've heard, like,
a million good
things about you.
All lies. Come on,
I'll show you around.
Okay.
So that's Cruz and Otis.
They're totally
harmless, trust me.
I mean, they're gonna ask
you out, but...
Oh, no, no, I'm...
This is Vargas, Herrmann,
and Lieutenant Casey.
Hi.
Oh, this is Leslie Shay,
the new paramedic.
Great to meet you, Leslie.
You can call me Shay.
Hey.
Welcome to 51, Shay.
Thank you.
The only advice I can
give you is
don't let
Dawson drive the rig.
Hey!
Seriously.
So you and Casey are...
What? No. No, jeez.
Oh, really? You should be.
...left stuff out and,
I don't know,
it's was just a thing.
End of story,
Manfredi ended up moving out
and I need a new roommate.
Hopefully by, you know,
before next month's
rent's due.
I've been looking
for a roommate.
I'm serious. I just went
through a break-up thing,
and we could barely
afford the place,
so I don't know.
Yeah?
Whoa!
Put it back in
your pants, Lieutenant.
You're not my type.
You never know.
Do you have a vagina?
I'm gay. Fully gay, yeah.
And my drink's tequila.
Kelly Severide.
Leslie Shay.
Hey, Otis, can
I get you to do the
bank run tomorrow?
I got a doohickey
at the in-laws.
Yeah, Herrmann, one thing
you'll never have to
worry about is asking me to
take money to the bank
for Molly's.
From your lips
to God's ears.
Oh-ho! Look who's here!
Peter Mills!
Ah!
I have never been so happy
to see so many ugly faces.
Oh, yeah.
I'm surprised to see you.
Yeah. Cast came off,
they cleared me.
Hinted I should
wait another week,
but I am done
staring at ceilings.
Well, maybe you should
listen to 'em.
I'm 100%, Chief.
I'm good as new.
Great to have you back.
Any word from Severide?
Hey, sorry, Chief. Had an
appointment that ran long.
Peter Mills!
Hey, Gabby.
Hey.
You good?
Good as new.
Cool. Well, uh, welcome back.
How is she?
If I have special
dietary concerns, does the
kitchen take that
into account?
Like, I don't
like mushrooms.
Okay, I see.
We will see you then.
Some of these fancier places
get offended so I like to
get it out in the open.
What?
Nothing.
Gabriela Dawson?
Yeah, that's me.
Sylvie Brett. I'm your
new paramedic on 61.
I'm sorry.
I've been
partnered with Chout.
I thought that he was gonna
be assigned here permanently.
I just go where they tell me.
Yeah, well, welcome.
Sylvie.
Take a seat.
Again, I'm sorry
I was late, Chief.
Don't worry about it.
I want to thank you,
sincerely,
for giving me these last
six weeks on the ambulance.
I know you could've taken
your firefighter assignment
and started at 105,
but this house
needed stability, and you,
meant the world to me.
Of course, Chief. Always.
So, I'm letting you know
I am putting
through your paperwork
so you can resume your
placement at 105.
Oh, okay.
Okay, good.
Thank you, Chief.
Hmm.
How are you doing, Gabby?
I want you to know
you can talk to me.
Hey there, Wallace.
Chief.
Hey, Chief, thank
you. I'm gonna get
back to it.
Yeah.
Just letting you know,
we are wheels up for
dinner at 7:30.
Great.
You and Donna wanna carpool
over with Trudy and me?
No, we, we'll
meet you there.
Groovy.
One more thing.
Just so it doesn't
get uncomfortable
when the bill comes,
can we agree we'll
go Dutch on this one?
You invited us, Mouch.
You made a big to-do
about taking us out.
I know, I know,
but this is one of
those fancy,
valet parking...
You know what?
Dutch.
Excellent.
Well, Wallace
had them, so.
Yeah, but Capp, it's your
turn, so.
Hey. You heard from
Severide?
Nada.
Didn't he have
furlough stored up?
A month, maybe.
That ran out a week ago.
We've all left messages,
but nothing.
Yeah, same.
Lieutenant, we need fuel.
Yeah?
Load everyone up.
Your move.
I've been thinking.
Uh-oh.
You know Chili's?
Where the blossoms
are awesome?
Shay kept telling me that
they started with just
one restaurant in Dallas in
an old post office building.
And she'd say the only thing
that was holding Molly's
back was small thinking.
And I didn't want
to listen 'cause
I believed that we had
all the time in the world.
So...
Wait, you've been
researching this?
Yeah. I have.
Do you know how many
restaurants Chili's has now?
Are you talking
about expansion?
Darn right!
Oh, boy,
here comes Welch.
I hate that guy.
Their whole truck stinks
to high heaven.
Hey. Can it, guys.
Welch.
What's up, Matt?
You guys come from the
Walnut Street fire?
Yep.
Heard the call on
the radio. How was it?
It was rolling.
Good.
Hey, how's what's-her-name
doing?
Dawson?
You be sure to
send her our love.
Truck 81, Truck 66,
Squad Three,
Ambo 61, house fire,
5056,
West Maypole Avenue.
First truck on the
scene is in charge!
Go! Go!
Cruz, I do not want to
get there behind these guys.
On it.
First on scene.
You're on RIT and
handle traffic control.
We'll check things out.
Bruno! Bruno.
My son Bruno!
Where is he?
He's in the basement!
I couldn't get to him!
Is there, is there anyone
else in there?
No, it's just the two of us!
Here.
Get her out of here!
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
We got him, we got him.
Go, go, go!
Fire department! Call out!
Help me!
Bruno! Bruno!
Can you move?
Help me!
Hold on! Hold on.
Need assistance
in the basement!
I've got a victim down here...
Help me!
Hey! Hey!
I can't breathe!
You're gonna be okay!
Welch, over here!
Let's get you outta
here, big boy.
Take him up!
One, two, three, lift.
Step coming up, guys.
You got it?
Yeah, I got it,
I got it.
Yeah, switch.
Bring him
on the stretcher!
One, two, three, lift!
Good.
He's struggling to breathe.
Sir, I'm gonna need
you to calm down, okay?
I need you to try and relax.
All right, I need you
to take slow, deep breaths.
All right, pass me the kit.
You know how to intubate
a burn victim?
I do. We just
didn't have a ton of...
Watch. For fire victims,
they get a lot of swelling
in the trachea.
So we knock them out
with Midazolam to help
secure the airway.
Pushing.
Okay, tube.
Push past the swollen
vocal cords, can't be
gentle, can't be afraid.
Let's bag him.
Check for lung sounds.
You're in.
Let's go.
Can I drive?
You gotta earn that.
Listen,
thanks.
That was good work.
Yeah, thanks for roping in
when you were dumb
enough to go into a
basement by yourself?
No problem.
You know I came over
here to say...
Hey, Molina, I got
a question for you.
You sleeping with Casey
here so I gotta be
nice to you, too?
That's it!
Hey!
Enough!
Yeah?
Hey!
You. Pack up your truck,
leave the area.
Let's go!
You, too.
Pack up!
I tried.
Tommy Welch
is not my problem.
You are a lieutenant
in my house,
I expect better of you.
I have one lieutenant
who's out AWOL and
another one who can't
keep his temper in check!
I need leaders in
this house, Casey.
Now more than ever.
I hear you. Loud and clear.
I'll go find Kelly.
Appreciate that.
Got a victim on
the first floor,
fell down some stairs.
Possible spinal injury.
We're on it.
Looks like a fall.
He's still breathing.
Hey, Chief, can you bring
a backboard in?
Looks like his neck
might be broken.
Chief?
Give me a C-collar.
How's his airway?
Respirations are shallow.
Okay, so, what do you
think? We intubate?
Shay, come on.
You're gonna have
to do this without me
starting next shift.
No. Not yet. We'll start
with some rescue breaths.
Good, and be my guest.
You know, I'll never
get used...
Dawson?
Yo.
I'm sorry, what?
I was just asking
you about the chief
situation here.
In Fowlerton, the chief
weighed 400 pounds
and never left the firehouse.
Oh, um...
Yeah, no,
Boden's great.
He'll be the first to
dive in and, and help out.
Good to know.
Hey,
I understand you were
close with Leslie Shay.
I just want you to know I'm
not trying to wear her shoes.
Yeah.
Of course.
Be right back.
Hey.
Hey, there.
Ask me again.
Ask you what?
To marry you. Ask me.
Right here. Right now.
You should have
answered the first time.
And have that be
a memory of that day? No!
No, thanks.
I did us both a favor.
Hey.
You said Shay told you
we'd be great together.
I choose to have that
memory of that day.
The answer's yes.
The answer is always yes.
I know. But I'm going
to do it right.
Okay.
Come here.
I love you.
I love you too.
You're always here for me.
Hey!
Hey.
How you doing?
Great.
Fish been biting?
Jumping in the boat.
Can I grab one?
Yeah, sure.
So...
You coming back to 51?
That house is cursed, Casey.
Nothing but misery and
heartbreak there.
There's a guy out near
Grayslake who does
boat repairs,
he said he'll sell me a
piece of his business, so...
Pretty quiet up at Grayslake.
All figured out, then.
Yep.
Well,
thanks for the beer.
Yeah. Come anytime.
Hey, one more thing.
Boden still writes down all
the calls we go on by hand.
The date, the call
itself, what we did.
And you know what he
writes in the column on
the far left?
The lives we save.
The ones that
made it out alive.
That we rescued.
The badges on the wall
at the Academy.
Andy's,
Shay's,
don't represent death.
They represent the
lives we save.
See you later.
What?
Oh, is that
is what we're doing?
Are we being quiet?
Are we being serious?
What?
Fine. You want me
to say it?
That girl is bad news.
Front page,
big headline, bad news.
It's the only kind I know.
It's part of the
fun of it, you know.
Who wants to go through
life without some heartbreak?
Whatever.
I wasn't going to say
anything. I want that
on the record.
Fine. Let's make a record.
A contract.
On video, so there
will be no confusion.
Do you even know
how to work that thing?
I am the master of
working this thing.
Fine, let's do it.
All right. The Contract.
So how did you end
up here, Brett?
Did you ever see that
movie Runaway Bride?
Mmm-hmm.
I was engaged to
the number one
regional sod seller in all
of mid-central Indiana.
Get out of here.
Yes, it was that exciting.
I knew Harrison forever.
We went to elementary
school together.
Our families knew each other.
We were supposed to
get married exactly three
months ago today.
I stared at that
abyss and I just
couldn't pull the trigger.
You left him at the altar?
No, a couple of weeks before.
Cold feet that ran right up
the I-65 to Chicago.
So here I am.
Hey, Mills.
I didn't want to bother you
while you were rehabbing,
but now that you're
back...
Yeah, of course.
Look, I got a lead
on your paternal grandfather.
He's living outside
of Chicago.
Um, wow.
Okay.
You didn't know he was alive.
No, my, my mother
told me that his side
of the family
moved to Seattle.
So... Wow.
Yeah, well, look.
I got a family tree.
It's your dad's family.
Joliet?
Yeah.
Oh. Thank you.
I appreciate this.
What happened to your lip?
Uh...
It's unrelated.
Can we, uh, just not
order dessert.
Let's keep it short.
Why?
I'm not in the mood.
Wallace, you need
to start reengaging
outside of work.
I know that what happened
on that day was crushing,
but, you know, we really
need to just...
...put a guy
on the week...
Hello! Oh! Look at this
power couple!
Hey, Donna,
how you feeling?
Ugh, like I've got two
stomachs. This kid's
gonna be an eater.
Well, hopefully he'll
have your bone structure.
Who would like
to see the wine list?
Ah! Thank you.
Oh, I...
So, guess what?
I got us
four tickets to Led Zeppagain.
Led Zeppelin?
No, not Zeppelin.
Led Zeppagain.
It's a cover band.
But they kill it,
seriously. Saturday night,
what do you say?
I don't know...
Sounds fun!
Sounds fun.
I gotta hit the head. Hon,
would you get us the Barolo?
Oh! Well that, that's
a little bit out of our...
She's eating for two and
drinking for zero.
And you know how
I get on red wine.
Dinner's on us.
No arguments.
Mouch.
You sure one bottle is
going to be enough?
Hey, fellas.
Cruz and I couldn't help
but overhear that you
might be looking to
franchise Molly's.
I believe the name
"Molly's Two" was mentioned.
Look, I might have been
a bit hasty to
brush you aside
when you were looking
for initial funding.
You laughed in my face.
Oh! That's a bit of a...
Okay, look,
all that Mouch
is trying to say is,
if there's gonna be
a second round of
investments, we want in.
Let me get my emotional
ducks in a row here.
Can we reschedule
that get-together
with your sister on Friday?
Yeah, I suppose so.
What's up?
Antonio wants to
take me to lunch.
Sure, no problem.
Oh, um...
Boden's getting my
transfer paperwork
started.
This place will
never be the same.
Yeah, I know.
Truck 81, Squad Three,
Ambulance 61.
Single car accident.
Mills, check the front.
Okay.
Newhouse, check
the driver's side.
Got it.
Please! My wife...
Look, we got it
under control. We're gonna
get you out of here!
Yo!
Hey, I got her!
She's trapped under the
water line!
Hey, Mills, go take
out the back window.
I got it!
Hey, Capp, hand me your ax.
Good?
Yo! It's not enough.
Help me pull it!
Come on.
Her leg is pinched!
It's on a grill!
How we doin' on that
hydrant, Chief?
They're locating the
main right now.
We gotta move the vehicle
off the hydrant.
Go!
Herrmann,
get the jaws.
You got it!
All right. Everybody line up.
On my mark, we're gonna
roll this thing upright
off the hydrant.
On three. One! Two! Three!
Main is shutting
down the water flow!
Too much trauma to the mouth.
We can't intubate.
There's no cric kit!
Hand me that tubing.
And a pair of scissors.
I haven't seen
that one before.
I'll take that
as a compliment.
Where'd you learn to do that?
Fowlerton, Indiana is
right along the Interstate.
Lots of car accidents
and not a lot of support.
Huh.
Hey! Fastest way through
the loop is lower Wacker.
You and Antonio have been
seeing a lot of each other.
Yeah, it's, It's been a
rough patch for him, too.
I know. I'm glad.
Hey.
He's your brother,
but if you need someone
to talk to, you can
always talk to me.
Yeah. Of course.
You know, I'm, I'm,
I'm fine. Truly.
I'll see you back at
the house later.
What're you
doing, Mouch?
Waiting on Chief.
We're supposed to
double date tonight.
I think he's been taking
what happened with Shay
harder than he lets on.
I've been going the extra
mile to just cheer him up,
keep him busy...
I just saw him heading
away on the other side.
Really?
Huh.
Donna, I can't do this.
Yes, I have it,
I feel like an idiot.
A Zeppelin cover
band with Mouch and Platt?
Take my life, please.
Well, right now I don't care
if it's the happiest
they've ever been.
Yeah, you're right.
Mouch!
What time do you want us to
pick you and Trudy up?
Really?
You know,
you've been coming to see
me for five straight weeks.
And for five straight weeks
you've sat on that
couch and said nothing.
Nobody is making
you come here.
Which means that you
want to be here.
Every counseling theory I know
says that I should wait for
you to make the first move.
That you'll tell me what
you want to tell me
when you're ready to tell me.
But I also know
first responders,
and we're a
different breed.
We have to do things
whether we're ready or not.
It's okay.
I can wait.
We traded places.
I told her to
I told her to switch with me.
And she ended up
right where I was standing...
Where I should have been
when the beam came down.
Hey.
Good to have you back.
Yeah.
Come on. Let's do it.
Her family would
definitely want
some of this stuff.
I can't stay here, man.
Why don't you stay
with us for a while?
I got a spare bedroom.
I don't know.
I don't want to...
It's done.
As long as you want.
Thanks.
- Is it on?
- It's on.
Did you turn it on?
Are you...
Okay, shut...
Shut up, shut up,
you idiot, this is
serious! Concentrate!
All right? The Contract.
Rule number one.
We promise to never get in
each other's business.
Oh! Okay, I have,
I have that recorded.
I know.
That's why I just said it.
All right.
Rule number two.
No matter how much
work gets to us,
we never bring it home.
Good, very good.
Thank you.
You know what?
That thing? Here.
Give it here. Your turn.
Yeah?
Okay? Give it here.
All right.
Here, here.
You want some?
Take some.
Sure.
All right.
We should
also say that...
No matter how much
life gets to us,
that we shouldn't
bring it to work.
Because what we do,
it's so much more
important than all this.
- Fair enough.
- An addendum.
Got it.
Yeah.
Is that it?
Any other rules?
Uh...
Just one.
That we...
That we promise
to be there for each other,
always,
no matter what.
Always.